Rules

General Behaviour

It would be nice to live in a world where everyone would think before doing something that may effect someone else but we do not, so please abide by these simple rules or guidelines so that everyone can have an enjoyable time.

Offensive player names, guild names, animal names, house names etc. are not allowed and will be dealt with accordingly.

Spamming is not acceptable, this covers binds repeating words or phrases which are used continuously to clutter the screen. You will be jailed if caught spamming, repeated offenders will have their punishment increased each time.

Harassment of other players is not acceptable. If you are being harassed please page a GM, proof of harassment will be required, preferably via a screenshot.


Safe Zones

The safe zone (usually around banks) is for the protection of blue players who either do not wish to fight or are traders and do not have the ability to protect them self뭩.


PVP, Guilds & Looting

The looting of another player뭩 body is allowed anywhere except in No PK areas or when a staff member declares it. If you see somebody looting illegally, please page a GM and have suitable evidence, i.e.: a screenshot. Looting other players illegally will be punished with a jail sentence and item removal.

Player killing is allowed anywhere with the exception of the specified No PK zones or if a member of staff specifies otherwise. We also ask that you refrain from Player Killing when a staff member is present. People caught Player Killing in forbidden areas will be jailed and any items gained from other players deaths will be returned.

The resurrection of ghosts and then subsequent killing is deemed illegal, as the character in question has no defence against this.


No PK Zones

The following is a list of areas that forbid Player Killing.

Area around a Staff Member


Staff

All members of the Nagashizar staff team are unpaid and work during there free time to help maintain the server and to provide an enjoyable game world for the players.

Staff reserve the right to punish players for any play deemed unacceptable, that is not specifically covered within these rules.

You may not attack any player who is interacting with a member of staff or PVP with any other player while a member of staff is on screen, if you do you will be jailed.

You may not loot other players when a staff member is Visible on your screen you will be punished if you do so.

Staff will not help a player place there house or help move a house; if the house can not be placed by a player with out aid then it should not be there.

Staff will not help you if you die due to normal game mechanics such as in a dungeon, to other players or similar, this is part of the game and you must accept it.


Paging

Paging should be considered a last resort to fix a problem, before you page us please try and resolve your problem by first trying these solutions:

 Can a fellow player help? 
 Have you checked the website for the answer to your query? 
 Have you tried posting on the forums?
 Is the page of major importance? (Pages saying "Help" or "Run an event" will be deleted). 

If you still need help please page with a clear description of your problem as we may be able to fix it even if you have logged off. Players paging using obscene/abusive language or page spamming will be punished severely.


AFK Macroing & Macro Programs

AFK (Away From Keyboard) macroing is allowed, with the exception of Nagatraz Jail.
 
The ONLY macro program allowed on Nagashizar is: 
 Razor


Blocking

Blocking of telepads, ankhs, world moongates and resurrection shrines using field spells is illegal and will result in a jail sentence. 

Using spells such as paralyse fields at the arrival points of telepads or world moongates is also deemed illegal. The use of paralyse fields or other such spells on player created moongates or gates is allowed.


Events

Possessing event items when not participating in events is considered illegal, if you are found with any such items they will be removed and you will be jailed.


Bugs

As much as we would like the world to be perfect in some cases it is not. If you find any bugs please report them to a GM by paging immediately. If you are found abusing a bug we will take any measure necessary to remove the effects of the exploit.
It is always better to report a bug, even if you have explored its effects, if you hide it and we catch you then you will be punished.

Illegal Items

Illegal items are deemed as items not acquired from a NPC. 

For example finding something in a dungeon that is part of the decoration that you are able to pick up is illegal!

If not reported and handed in you will be punished.


Complaints

When complaining please take it up using appropriate methods, i.e.: emailing staff. Spamming in game or on the forums with abuse will no doubt result in a jail and maybe even a ban. 

If you have an issue a member of staff was dealing with then please try and contact them directly using there e-mail address provide on the website contact page. If for any instance you feel that they have not treated you fairly or that you can not approach them then please e-mail Nagash at Adminnagash@hotmail.com.

If you are submitting screen shots for evidence please make sure they are compressed in either JPEG or GIF format. Sending e-mails with attachments greater than 500k or not in the above formats will get them deleted. Please refer to the guide on how to take and compress screen shots in the articles section on the website.  
